README.md, before:

# Elias alexandre 

Programmer 💻

[![Linkedin Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Elias%20Alexandre-212134?style=flat-square&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/in/elias-alexandre-9511881a7/)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/elias-alexandre-9511881a7/)
[![Gmail Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-elias.garcia.alexandr@gmail.com-212234?style=flat-square&logo=Gmail&logoColor=white&link=mailto:elias.garcia.alexandr@gmail.com)](mailto:elias.garcia.alexandr@gmail.com)

Enthusiast of the best web & mobile development technologies. 🖥

<p align="left">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=eliasalexandre&show_icons=true&theme=algolia&line_height=27" alt="eliasAllex"/> 
</p>

<p align="left">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=eliasalexandre&layout=compact&show_icons=true&theme=algolia" alt="Langs" />
</p>

### contributions
  - [X] [MyCodes](https://github.com/cod3baze)
  - [X] [currently designing](https://github.com/schedule-lib)


<!--
**eliasallex/eliasallex** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

👋
- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning JS, NodeJS, TS...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...

"Nothing in this world beats good old persistence. Talent does not surpass. Nothing more common than talented failures. Genius does not overcome. Unrecognized geniuses is practically a cliche. Education does not exceed. The world is full of educated fools. Persistence and determination alone are powerful."
-->

Commit message:

Update README.md, add cognu-io link

README.md, after:

# Elias Alexandre 

💻 Dev & Founder @[cognu.io](https://cognu.io)

[![Linkedin Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Elias%20Alexandre-212134?style=flat-square&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/in/elias-alexandre-9511881a7/)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/elias-alexandre-9511881a7/)
[![Gmail Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-elias.garcia.alexandr@gmail.com-212234?style=flat-square&logo=Gmail&logoColor=white&link=mailto:elias.garcia.alexandr@gmail.com)](mailto:elias.garcia.alexandr@gmail.com)

Enthusiast of the best web & mobile development technologies. 🖥

<p align="left">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=eliasalexandre&show_icons=true&theme=algolia&line_height=27" alt="eliasAllex"/> 
</p>

<p align="left">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=eliasalexandre&layout=compact&show_icons=true&theme=algolia" alt="Langs" />
</p>

👋
- 🔭 I’m currently working on [©Cognu Inc](https://cognu.io)
- 🌱 I’m currently programming in React, NodeJS, TS, & React-Native.
- 📫 How to reach me: [Instagram](https://instagram.com/elias.allexandre)


<!--
**eliasallex/eliasalexandre** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

👋
- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning JS, NodeJS, TS...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...

"Nothing in this world beats good old persistence. Talent does not surpass. Nothing more common than talented failures. Genius does not overcome. Unrecognized geniuses is practically a cliche. Education does not exceed. The world is full of educated fools. Persistence and determination alone are powerful."
-->
